---
title: Sr. Client Technologies Specialist
organization: BorgWarner Inc.
organizationUrl: https://www.borgwarner.com
location: Ithaca, NY
start: 2007-03-01
end: 2016-01-01
---

    •	Managed and enhanced IT customer environments, delivering specialized IT services, including high-level meeting support, root-cause analysis, and customer consulting.
    •	Led IT-related projects as the Technical Lead, including Verizon/AT&T DAS installation, campus fiber upgrades, IDF cabinet upgrades, VoIP implementation, and Cisco WLC upgrades.
    •	Collaborated with business units to assess IT technical needs and align solutions with organizational goals.

</br><b>Key Responsibilities:</b>
• Troubleshot LAN/WAN/WLAN issues, including network latency, wiring problems, and access point coverage challenges.
• Installed and configured Cisco network infrastructure, including 2900 & 1800 series switches, controller-based WLANs, and autonomous access points.
• Administered and maintained a global Microsoft SCSM environment, implementing upgrades, orchestrator runbooks, and PowerShell scripting to enhance end-user and technician experience.
• Managed application and license servers, software version control, and client security settings to ensure compliance with organizational standards.
• Executed deployment processes, including desktop image creation and updates, ensuring seamless integration and performance.
• Provided remote and on-site support, achieving high customer satisfaction rates by resolving technical issues promptly.
• Maintained IT asset inventory, disposal, and refresh plans to optimize lifecycle management.

</br><b>Achievements:</b>
• Improved the desktop environment by standardizing configurations and streamlining deployment processes.
• Enhanced network performance by resolving coverage and latency issues and upgrading critical infrastructure.
• Increased operational efficiency through effective license management and automation of routine tasks.
