---
title: Systems Administrator III
organization: Roper Center for Public Opinion Research - Cornell University
organizationUrl: https://ropercenter.cornell.edu/
location: Ithaca, NY
start: 2016-01-01
end: 2019-08-31
---

    •	Administered and supported internal IT and external customer environments, including computer networks, physical and virtual architecture, servers, and storage, with a focus on web services and development support.
    •	Managed physical and virtual infrastructure, including hardware/software upgrades, performance tuning, and system monitoring.
    •	Oversaw daily administration of critical systems, including firewalls, NAT, SAN/NAS, Active Directory, DNS, Group Policy, IIS, Apache, Oracle, SQL, WSUS, print services, backup services, and antivirus.

</br><b>Key Responsibilities:</b>
• Built and maintained QA, pre-production, and production infrastructure environments.
• Migrated manual configurations to Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Terraform, Packer, and Ansible for AWS production environments.
• Collaborated with software engineers to build, test, and deploy applications across environments using Jenkins, AWS ECR, Nexus, and SonarQube.
• Developed and maintained WordPress and Drupal CMS for Roper Center’s main site.
• Migrated services to virtualization and Docker for enhanced scalability and efficiency.
• Planned, tested, and deployed system upgrades/patches monthly to comply with university policies.
• Automated routine tasks using scripts and utilities to improve operational efficiency.
• Monitored network and server performance, preparing regular security and support reports.
• Assessed and implemented technological solutions to meet internal and external data security requirements.

</br><b>Additional Contributions:</b>
• Provided direct support for staff desktops, laptops, tablets, and multi-function networked copiers/printers, including hardware/software maintenance and upgrade planning.
• Managed inventory, licensing, and procedural documentation for hardware, software, and system builds.
• Acted as a liaison between departmental teams, central university operations, and product vendors.
• Participated in long-term IT strategic planning and regular training to ensure skills remained up-to-date with emerging technologies.
