---
title: Senior Software Engineer - DevOps Team Lead
organization: Ad Hoc LLC - CMS Medicare Compare Tools
organizationUrl: https://adhoc.team/
location: McLean, VA - Remote
start: 2019-09-03
end: 2023-09-01
---

    •	Implement DevOps methodologies to build tools and services that empower application teams to self-service and deliver stable, performant services.
    •	Facilitate cross-team collaboration to ensure the delivery of high-quality digital services for the American people.

</br><b>Key Responsibilities:</b>
• Designed and supported consolidated DevOps tools and services, enabling infrastructure engineers to streamline production workflows.
• Developed libraries, modules, and packages to enhance integration and usability for infrastructure projects.
• Established and maintained Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipelines, improving software quality and deployment speed.
• Partnered with government stakeholders and application teams to ensure compliance with security, SLA, and performance standards.
• Engineered solutions that prioritized simplicity in architecture and operational efficiency.
• Delivered software impacting millions of Americans, supporting critical civic technology initiatives.

</br><b>Key Accomplishments:</b>
• Load Testing Leadership: Spearheaded load testing initiatives to ensure system stability and performance in preparation for Open Enrollment periods.
• Jenkins Migration: Successfully migrated from CBJ to CB Core Jenkins, streamlining CI/CD workflows and improving build efficiency.
• Monitoring & Alerting Enhancements: Increased visibility and awareness of monitoring and alerting systems, refining processes to enhance operational reliability.
• Development Stack Improvements: Updated and hardened the local development stack, simplifying workflows and reducing setup time for developers.
• Cloud Migration: Transitioned from self-hosted EC2 instances to AWS ECS Fargate, containerizing the MCT API for scalability and ease of management.
• Mentorship: Provided mentorship to multiple software and DevOps engineers, fostering professional growth and improving team performance.
• Cost Optimization: Led efforts to optimize costs within MCT’s AWS account, reducing operational expenses while maintaining system performance.
