---
title: Staff DevOps Engineer - Engineering Technical Lead
organization: Ad Hoc LLC - CMS Beneficiary FHIR Data
organizationUrl: https://adhoc.team/
location: McLean, VA - Remote
start: 2023-09-01
end: 2024-03-31
---

    •	Played a key role in transitioning the BlueButton 2.0 contract to a new team, ensuring continuity and successful delivery.
    •	Mentored a team of 12 engineers, fostering professional growth and enhancing overall team performance.
    •	Collaborated with the BFD Product Owner and Ad Hoc Project Manager to meet project deliverables and milestones.

</br><b>Key Responsibilities:</b>
• Developed, prioritized, and executed the technology roadmap for the BFD team, aligning with partner and product manager goals.
• Owned or delegated ownership of current and future features, ensuring efficient execution and accountability.
• Provided technical mentorship through code reviews, presentations, and architectural guidance.
• Performed technical assessments of codebases, infrastructure, and development lifecycles to identify improvements and opportunities.
• Delegated tasks, removed blockers, and empowered team members with technical guidance.
• Guided the full lifecycle of solution infrastructure, focusing on scalability, security, and efficiency.
• Reduced ambiguity and improved system reliability through documentation, refactoring, and testing.
• Monitored infrastructure costs and optimized them without compromising performance or security.

</br><b>Technical Expertise:</b>
• Delivered DevOps solutions leveraging AWS and Infrastructure-as-Code tools like Terraform, adhering to CMS and NIST standards for compliance and security.
• Implemented security best practices, ensuring robust defense-in-depth for sensitive data.
• Led evaluations for migrations to cloud-native data services, reducing risk and enhancing performance.

</br><b>Stakeholder Engagement:</b>
• Actively engaged with partners and stakeholders, advocating for technical solutions, communicating trade-offs, and presenting recommendations.
• Worked with cross-disciplinary teams of engineers, designers, researchers, and product managers to align on strategic goals.
• Provided technical expertise in client-facing communications, including bid-writing and technical demonstrations.

</br><b>Achievements:</b>
• Improved operational stability and compliance, enabling the client to maintain its Authority to Operate (ATO).
• Delivered on ambitious program milestones by uncovering constraints, identifying opportunities, and evolving complex products.
• Established a collaborative team environment, aligning engineering efforts with product and stakeholder objectives.
