---
title: Staff DevOps Engineer
organization: Ad Hoc LLC - CMS Website Design Systems Platform Ops Team
organizationUrl: https://adhoc.team/
location: McLean, VA - Remote
start: 2024-03-31
---

    •	Contributed to the CMS WDS Contract by supporting the CMS v4 AWS migration, transitioning from a single AWS account to a multi-account configuration (Prod and Non-Prod) with CMS EUA Federated Access replacing direct user IAM access.
    •	Oversaw the migration of 16 applications across 64 AWS accounts, ensuring a seamless transition while maintaining system integrity.

    •   Played a key role in transitioning the CMS WDS contract to a new team, ensuring continuity and successful delivery.

</br><b>Key Responsibilities:</b>
• Refactored Terraform configurations in the MCT project to adopt Terragrunt, transitioning from a monolithic repository to a microservice state structure for improved modularity and maintainability.
• Optimized Terraform in the WDS project by developing shared modules, standardizing configurations across multiple applications for greater efficiency.
• Administered internal infrastructure for Ad Hoc’s “A-Team,” managing resources in both AWS and GCP environments.
• Fostered a DevOps culture within Ad Hoc by co-facilitating a DevSecOps Guild & Club, promoting collaboration and best practices among engineers.
• Provided mentorship to DevSecOps engineers, supporting skill development and enhancing team performance.
• Participated in competitive bids and code challenges, contributing to securing new contracts for Ad Hoc through technical expertise and innovative solutions.

</br><b>Key Achievements:</b>
• Successfully executed a large-scale AWS migration, ensuring enhanced security and operational efficiency.
• Established reusable infrastructure frameworks, reducing deployment time and simplifying maintenance.
• Played a pivotal role in cultivating a DevSecOps mindset within the organization, leading to improved processes and collaboration.
• Supported business growth by contributing to winning new contracts through strategic technical participation.
